          ACTUAL UID OF VIDEO               M### SHORT DESCRIPTION
          ------ --- -- -----               ---- ----- -----------
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Db9tmPDSfn4 M251 Control Data NOS on Windows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7IQCnOmCjg M250 RJE - Remote Job Entry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohFOw-xWl18 M248 Web Server, UNIX File Systm-3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcEg8Fb8lfw M247 A very imfluntl Pascal compiler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iUeyPF7Yg8 M246 ISPF Editor on the Mainframe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzIyFzF6y9Q M245 Game of Life on MVS 3.8 in REXX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKrfcqCNwO4 M244 NJE Programng on Mainfr in REXX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip0cQiQjd18 M243 History of IBM Mainframe Systms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Lhu_VJqw3I M242 Old MVS/XA on mfrm in Kazakhstn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wl8qG9KilJg M241 MVS 3.8 for beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJ5M2HX04jg M240 X3270 Terminal Emulator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIEZpIZcUYk M239 GNU COBOL Sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsA84CRjwFM M238 PL/S Language and Compiler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRW0ipoDiSQ M237 Combine Contribs - MVS REXX NJE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pUL-wYUvgE M236 Mainframe assembler,Linux,Mac..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvzbsXTBE1Q M235 Build Hercules binaries,HHelper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwBdseudrwM M234 Changing & Building JES2 in 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-T5mjiFl6Hw M233 Freshly Genned MVS/Community Ed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0hNOJP3ZMk M232 A Friendly Mainframe channel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okGm9m0UxOw M231 Mainframe Tools for MS-DOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJ2fdEoOqEk&t=144s M230 Modify TK4 Startup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li2J4K2JwtE M229 Stanford Pascal updated 2023
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPvxp0oWrZs M228 MVS 3.8 Panels with BREXX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87jmAn2gjnY M227 A Telnet Server for MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RY14Nz6WT_0 M226 Mainframe Assembler Syntax Chek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd1wspg7Ols M225 MVS 3.8 with ISPF-Sept 22 Mod
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_LtZoOLzO4 M223 Zero to Minframe COBOL-in 5 min
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlZDOxxfBFA&t M222 - Linux on Mainframe - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXjZIBRmla0 M221 Linux on Mainframe - 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHrueOgEWao M220 Linux on Mainframe - 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN8mTbWjAEA M218 TK4 with ISPF and more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Mya1zMzRms&t=3s M212 Minecraft Server on z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RG5L-drDCv4&t=114s M211 z/OS wrkflw from VM,Linx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQDvJCqY_WA&t=8s M211 Pass param to ASM pgm 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPMFEmNb_qA M210 Passing params to a COBOL progm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uChnTPdgrDk&t=129 M208 Passing param PL/I progrm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YemdQzLF8rI M207 Infocom adventure games
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8xdKZfRGFw M206 Clipping volser on mainfrm disk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_pPkFDdtmU M205 1403 bitnet sys-free prt srvice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiDnMxZHz70 M204 KICKS Term Mon Pgm - CICS VM370
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ja7EAHkFbg M203 Passing parameters in MVS Asmbr
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QL_EAOgPnXM M202 Control Data's NOS - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7xFEQuoGTE M201 Control Dala's NOS - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AiCU7iZkkk M201 3 Generations of MVS COBOL Comp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFUHwkbVTJg M197 Amdahl UTS Unix - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k56qLxG-sUM M196 Amdahl UTS Unix - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WU01iKZEAcQ M194 Changing LOGON screen MVS/VTAM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5gHgzwSl4s M193 TCP/IP Apps on MVS 3.8 w/BREXX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Db7j4eBnLbU M192 Communicating with Started Task
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vswmw-0GEgc M191 Writing Reports in Assembler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFrJ6T9Xle8 M190 MVT Cobol Report Writer (1972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9Syc1K_HK0 M189 Control Data Mainframes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ui_4MeOAVbM M188 The story of Soviet mainframes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ys6xEKTyVQQ M187 Writing MVS 3.8 Networking apps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSj_tz6FZV0 M186 The thing about EBCDIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wel3aRHuvio M185 Proxying 3270 terminal w/Golang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSCUY_IfrjQ M185 The REXX grinch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHlHPQeCs_s M184 Mainframe goodies: BREXX 2.3.0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZyCdkqvB8k M183 Halloween Mainframe Horror stor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOfl6q0q4QQ M180 IBM Mainframe Tape Devices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEvUeVQpWTs M179 COBOL Batch Proc. on Mainframe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmoNX5xjJUk M178 JCL DD statement for beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAbKClj20xE M177 IBM Mainframe Disk Devices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arGL8fQbc_A M176 ISAM for MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xo4dGD8EaBY L2   Connect real 3270 to emulated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8XgN7-dRvk L1   June 14, 2020 VAX/VMS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ga2YpebRukU M175 MVS 3.8 gives all the fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEbFnxA-BXw M174 Using VSAM with MVT COBOL DOS/V
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcO8uDTNzAw M173 Using VSAM with MVT COBOL MVS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EAieqgxCpY M171 Free NJE software for Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZogX3IBA3Y M170 Mainframe COBOL built to last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KEQT7IPRgg M169 COBOL and NJ Health Department
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_esBksImCg M168 Connect MVS 3.8 to HNET/BITNET
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UZLYJktm_M M167 NJE, TCPIP, DECNET open-VMS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwiPA4RLP2g M166 Cool Hacks with Real Iron Mnfrm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKdcKxYJRUQ M165 Hardware Repair on real Mnfrme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0IOhfvX_Tw M164 Cold Start Real IBM Mainframe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iHrNNH7plY M163 Linux to connect to HNET BITNET
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsY_m8ufcs4 M162 Mainframe Discusson Grps BITNET
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUgtprlvTz0 M161 24/31/32/64 bits explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxrZg72lwfs M160 Manual IPL of MVS 3.8 TK4-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7LrEHF8OA4 M159 Adding TSO User Capacty MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwbPgY-yQ7Q M158 A Chat Server for HNET (Bitnet)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZZJhTnbYUM M157 Develop agile HNET(BITNET) apps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-xaZ4SexT4 M156 Move datasets with AMATERSE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpUgWt9OWB0 M155 BITNET - The Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QqURlsWE_k M154 New REXX with VSAM on MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73cPmEe-Qm4 M153 Making MVS and VM/370 coexist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPfME5BcRK4 M152 JSON, REXX on z/OS, calc paths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc0pz_yD-9w M151 Run VM/SP on a real IBM 4361
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0IXV1uyH44 M150 z/VM REXX Web Server cgi script
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBVwM1KEjBQ M149 Music/SP and its Panel Model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7M44C9biOY M148 Compiling Apollo Lunar Software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyjhZVJEaq4 M146 Set up Game Server with z/Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Il7TG6b9cm8 M145 Access SDSF from REXX on z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ltt93PQ7l8 M144 ISPF Panels with PANEL REXX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCQ1QJtESDs M143 TSO ISPF Email App in REXX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwBbnjC0Hco M142 Checking Hercules Hyperion 4.2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOdapdXcbBM M141 Open Source Ported Tools - z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eA3rvZwU7e8 M140 REXX Panels on z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-jXI9Exi7g M139 Configuring z/VM virt switches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABXnd3ycqFo M138 2000 Subscribers - our journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnhboqcvszE M137 Apps on z/OS w/REXX & DB2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7M44C9biOY M137 Apollo 11 Source Code Assemble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgYb8RFkp34 M136 Write Flight Info app REXX/DB2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0joXxC-AxzQ M135 Print Apollo 11 guidance sftwre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_9ZitNRnFk M134 Write z/OS apps w/REXX and DB2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rn58_zTKJ7U M133 Run UNIX and SDSF pgms in batch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnTOLLbMYH8 M131 Backup w/ADRDSSU & MVS DSSDUMP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1KL0qoOP2M M130 Defrag disks with ADRDSSU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEFmkEV4Ke0 M129 Hello World Mainframe PL360
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NirbeOa-4c M128 Adding JES2 Spool Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HVTCbLyl3A M127 Hello World in Assembler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Vig2PTTkLI M126 Hello World in RPG on z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oqixpXYcVA M125 Hello World in PL/1 on z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exAp0Ddbi-c M124 Hello World in COBOL on z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PI_FhwcsZQ M123 Hello World in z/VM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZmXkpXm_sw M122 Hello World in REXX on z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbuKDC_n3N4 M121 Hello World in Mainframe - 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sz_Ihj_DsO8 M120 Merge function in DFSORT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1Xd5OIZA8I M119 DFSORT-Mainframe sorting in zOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2pV1p-B_Xc M118 Who's online in TSO?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UVqUmwjto0 M117 Chasing MVS IPL time with REXX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAimEqwiUH0 M116 z/OS for Linux folks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azXIt2Pzvjo M115 Speed mainframe with RAM disks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZN1UkTaBQ8 M114 MVS, z/OS DD parameters, easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sg0mYdeIsE M113 Install, run REXX for MVS 3.8j
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HETSEyIPuv0 M112 Tour mainframe data center
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8OEzdFuwi4 M111 Back up Moshix videos w/YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZN1UkTaBQ8 M110 MVS,zOS DD parameters made easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF677Z3Zidw M110 MVS printout distribution systm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRyLvjat5-8 M109 MVT with HASP and ASP under VM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TpZGf22BgI M108 LINUX for mainframers, etc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WtxRxTkH5A M107 64-bit DASD support - running
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4heiPTMMuQA M106 IBM's VNET revived, HNET on VM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQg1oHGp49U M105 Working with DOS/VS - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDgwUEeD9Aw M104 Working with DOS/VS - 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wz8WdLxln0M M103 DOS/VS Compiling Programs - 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GobXkwbPOTk M102 Almost extinct, OS/VS1, PL/I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-kFCsiqB0c M101 Get data in and out VM370, z/VM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTFukC5nwLI M100 Mainframe quiz-win a machine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCDDk_-BoPM M99  New VM/370 sixpack Beta 1.3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jOlO1vSBzE M98  Virtualization on real Mainfrme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdtddmdpTZk M97  Hercules on Mainframe z/Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J987RhGa-2I M95  Suspend and Resume in VM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCYeVgUKje8 M94  VSAM VM/370 on COBOL, PL/I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDX-gn1WmNU M93  VSAM on VM/370
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9n-T8JrLzXU M92  COBOL and PL/I on DOS/VS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rimOpAjG3tU M91  Install and operate DOS/VS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auRtWgQSSfc M90  User Directory on VM/370 z/VM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2aDv3BvTsc M89  Computer games on VM/370
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaXb9g_Tzz8 M88  Work with VM/370-Moshix system
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTBNt32ERWE M87  Install Ubuntu 18.04 on Herc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCES4l5E_7Y M86  PL/I compilers, Herc overhead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bve66OJ4Lvw M85  IBM SMF and RMF on z/OS - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2ZorLd5DqY M84  IBM SMF on MVS and z/OS - 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFwNIBDEy7M M83  IBM SMF on MVS and z/OS - 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJI5v3-zEww M82  Building Hercules from source
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJzGL-Jbz_U M81  Automate ISPF editor w/macros
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGlC3WXL8FQ M80  Mainframes-What are they?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ffI3QA15kg M79  PL/I for Systems Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg1QX1pqjfU M78  Installing Postpischil disasm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vw0iOiEoEdQ M77  How slow is Hercules running?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jDni_H1I_k M76  Copy load modules properly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB4_uDjiE0Q M75  Disassemble z/OS load modules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54LD5CljWKw M74  Submit jobs to MVS thru FTP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05o5gNtigTQ M73  Systems Programming Metal C
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=030TuJZ9wIo M72  Systems Programming with COBOL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhdFPEHdwCg M71  Access my MVS 3.8 using SDK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPO-q5mWRIE M70  Advanced Linux Networking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vo2mgdztog M69  Advanced z/VM guest machine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXNIGp21FFM M68  zLINUX as guest of z/VM HOWTO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixhByIr6dXs M67  z/VM VMARC archives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mflv1lqDuS8 M66  Mainfram Virtualization - VM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mRK5No2NUU M65  Terminal Sessions - VTAM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-iujnthfoI M64  Multitasking with PLI/F cmpiler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPTfFp0R4A8 M63  Install Prycroft IMON monitor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-scxwawCXA M62  REXX Systems Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuXi1DLq1Sw M61  MVS 3.8 in the cloud for you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm35B-8MT6U M60  Run Linux on real IBM z13
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc_CWPwBUxo M59  UNIX style utilities for TSO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3JbXtusbV0 M58  Writing TSO utilities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQhyvv0WyzQ M57  Obtaining OS data from Nucleus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjuDNvW7HHo M56  Back in time with OS/360
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETZwPlswyqg M55  IMON, operate console remotely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qd5C6cQZ1M M54  Do you own an old printout?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRwXKWQ2i00 M53  MVS or z/OS console operations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKXd9eG7alo M52  Write your own IEFBR14 utility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh67t_8tO-A M51  TSO CLIST programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6sK_BhVD8g M50  MVS 3.8 on Linux introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_jikMOshjE M49  HLASM pgm to submit to INTRDR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSK6rMVhupU M48  Playing with REXX on mainframe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP2umvFZ3Xk M47  OS/VS COBOL vs Enterpris COBOL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCe6ojzvSb4 M46  24 bit PLI/F compiler on z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW2v3OnaoW8 M45  Mainframe Games on 3.8 or z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTxe8ASdxE0 M44  IBM MVS 3.8 on Windows, intro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HJ6weXmdk4 M43  MTS Michigan Terminal System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAwH5FJysbE M42  McGill MUSIC/SP Timesharing OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXLha1aGubU M41  Managing JES2 on 3.8 and z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppxLZa7T7L4 M40  Restrict Linux logins w/Docker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJBuKnv2f84 M39  Printing from Hercules MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxCCGN266Ag M38  TSO User Administration 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hH0dlylJVCY M37  Benchmark MVS 3.8 compilers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL3L77uibs0 M36  ASCII animation server setup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fqlu3KZjzvU M35  Solaris 11 in vmware ESX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-vJE0YJp9s M34  Mainframe zLINUX image on Herc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGn43j_L41Q M33b HLASM and FX assemblers Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFA6oxHBe64 M33a HLASM Assembler versus IFOX00
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I40iRhXLmRY M32  31 bit PL/I compiler on z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOpYAhWyPCc M31  openVMS VAX cluster with simh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_S-RohEFekU M30  Cray 1 Supercomputer Emulator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU0kGtDUa7E M29  Try Stanford Pascal on 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5QUyfxtWGU M28  C Programming MVS 3.8 TK4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVe7sGgWHV4 M27  Moseley SYSCPK compiler pack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJYUMYkpJW8 M26  FORTRAN compilers 3.8, z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4eqoypfF1A M25  Working with IBM VSAM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_ZSH9OagTM M24  KICKS (CICS) for MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulOxOtTN8bM M23  Double your MVS TK4 thruput
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSw7z5Yre5c M22  XPL compiler generator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCsUlUVUYfY M21  BASIC Language, 3.8 or z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_u0u1pannE M20  Catalog Management MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUhXhgUv_og M19  SYS1.PARMLIB for MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfEGQFrSUl4 M18  PL/I and 360 PLI-F compiler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_yv_GoqZ-g M17  Assist Assembler MVS, z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGsozrcPTbY M16  MVS Dump Analysis - II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW8KJZwjBao M15  MVS Dump Analysis - I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXCaXF0n0F4 M14  Adding DASD to MVS or z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_ShZaqqTWA M13  Compare MVS 3.8 and z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0TbtG-9ax8 M12  Sys Programming for MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHreUeDtn0g M11  zLINUX on Hercules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFbiWB5PGxs M9   Moshix utilites - MVS, z/OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkL0mHIYIsY M8   MVS 3.8 as VM/370 guest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtK_p06br9k M7   Running OS/360 MVT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kog73o3cPEU M6   JES3 for MVS 3.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks2YPiP0tys M4   MVS 3.8 Getting Data In/Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P42ofzj2_8 M3   MVS 3.8 Operations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YA3FQOzr0ag M2   MVS 3.8 COBOL programs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOL0HtlXVKM M1   MVS 3.8 Turnkey TK4 Install
